index.md, before:

# Arif Laksito homepage

## Detail Contact

- Email: arif.laksito[at]amikom.ac.id
- Website: ariflaksito.net
- Address: Faculty of Computer Science, Universitas Amikom Yogyakarta
- Jl. Ringroad Utara Condongcatur, Depok, Sleman 55283

## Research Fields
- Recommender System
- Machine learning

## Employment History
**2008 - Now | Lecturer at Faculty of Computer Science, Universitas Amikom Yogyakarta**
- Conducting teaching, researching and community service
- Supervise student’s research activity
- Writing research project and publications

**2006 - 2008 | Web Developer | PT. TELKOM Indonesia, Bandung**
- Developed a dashboard application for executives
- Responsible for displaying a report in visual.

**2003 - 2006 | Junior Programmer | Litbang, IT Dept, STMIK AMIKOM Yogyakarta**
- Responsible for Software division on Academic Information System at STMIK AMIKOM Yogyakarta.

## Education and Courses
- **2013 ~ Master in Information Technology, STMIK AMIKOM Yogyakarta**
- **2006 ~ Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, Universitas Gadjah Mada Yogyakarta**

- **Apr 2021 ~ Datacamp**, Introduction to Natural Language Processing in Python - [See Credential](https://www.datacamp.com/statement-of-accomplishment/course/923c9e6b1366e4e1de3715b7737975aa994b252b)
- **Apr 2021 ~ Datacamp**, Building Recommendation Engines in Python - [See Credential](https://www.datacamp.com/statement-of-accomplishment/course/ecaf48b52f1f9449341a6b9593637b70a540a3a2)
- **Oct 2020 ~ Dicoding**, Belajar Machine Learning untuk Pemula - [See Credential](https://www.dicoding.com/certificates/JMZVM236OZN9)
- **Sep 2020 ~ Coursera and University of Minnesota**, Recommender Systems: Matrix factorization and Advanced techniques. Grade Achieved: 100.00% - [See Credential](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/QRU9Q24EUZ3M)
- **Sep 2020 ~ Datacamp**, Building Recommendation Engines with PySpark. - [See Credential](https://www.datacamp.com/statement-of-accomplishment/course/ac0b2da3a7c1929fb911ad61ac056ff7212c4b26)
- **Sep 2020 ~ Datacamp**, Supervised Learning with scikit-learn. - [See Credential](https://www.datacamp.com/statement-of-accomplishment/course/e558b87ce3aef6fb09523c793076748155278811)
- **Sep 2020 ~ Datacamp**, Unsupervised Learning in Python. - [See Credential](https://www.datacamp.com/statement-of-accomplishment/course/7ddbb94f62e72d6e7bf8f7f9864d3de69e2a4860)
- **Aug 2020 ~ Coursera and University of Minnesota**, Recommender Systems: Evaluation and Metrics. Grade Achieved: 93.00% - [See Credential](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/MBK6LEJX2QJK)
- **Jul 2020 ~ Sanbercode**, Python - Data Science on 15 June - 10 July 2020. Grade Achieved: 88.00% - [See Credential](/assets/docs/Sanbercode_Data_Science.pdf)
- **Jul 2020 ~ Coursera and University of Minnesota**, Nearest Neighbor Collaborative Filtering. Grade Achieved: 96.00% - [See Credential](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/JUCUEQ5M2ZZH)
- **Jun 2020 ~ DQLab Data Challenge & BI Traveloka**: Hotel Search Engine Project. - [See Credential](/assets/docs/DQLab_Data_Challenge_Hotel_Rec.jpg)
- **Jun 2020 ~ Coursera and University of Minnesota**, Introduction to Recommender Systems: Non-Personalized and Content-Based. Completed 4 weeks; an average of 3-7 hours per week, plus 2-5 hours per week for honors track. Grade Achieved: 88.23% - [See Credential](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/PCC5EWSW8CDT)
- **Nov 2019 ~ Dicoding**, Android Jetpack Pro. - [See Credential](https://www.dicoding.com/certificates/4EXGY6REEXRL)
- **Dec 2018 ~ Dicoding**, Kotlin Android Developer Expert. - [See Credential](https://www.dicoding.com/certificates/1OP8DLOGVPQK)
- **Aug 2018 ~ Dicoding**, Belajar Fundamental Aplikasi Android. - [See Credential](https://www.dicoding.com/certificates/0LZ0D30ORX65)
- **Apr 2014 ~ Certificate of completion Java Programming, Oracle Academy**, Jakarta, Indonesia. Successfully completed 32 hours of professional development for Java Programming. - [See Credential](/assets/docs/Oracle_Java_Programming.jpg)
- **March 2013 ~ Certificate of completion Java Fundamentals, Oracle Academy**, Jakarta, Indonesia. Successfully completed 40 hours of professional development for the Java Fundamentals. - [See Credential](/assets/docs/Oracle_Java_Fundamental.jpg)

## Research
- Student graduated predicting using Neural Network
- Covid-19 tweets classification based on LSTM
- Cross-domain Recommender system
- Image extraction for Recommender system

For students who are interested in doing research with me, [go to this page](https://blog.ariflaksito.net/p/join-research.html).

## Honor and Award
Research Funding Grants from Indonesian Government, [Link info](http://sinta.ristekbrin.go.id/authors/detail?id=6098026&view=research)
- 2018, Research grant on analysis of drug interactions on social media
- 2017, Research grant on Web service synchronization
- 2016, Research grant on developing CMS


Community Service Grant from Indonesian Government, [Link info](http://sinta.ristekbrin.go.id/authors/detail?id=6098026&view=services)
- 2017, IBM Kesenian ketoprak dan shalawat pitutur

Google Scholarship Development Program
- Scholarship for Indonesian Lecturer in 2018 (Batch 2)
- Excellence of completing e-course in Android programming

## Publication
- [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.co.id/citations?user=9zhrw7YAAAAJ&hl=id)
- [Scopus](https://www.scopus.com/authid/detail.uri?authorId=57200217326)
- [ORCID](https://orcid.org/0000-0003-4679-2544)
- [Sinta Indonesia](https://sinta3.ristekbrin.go.id/authors/profile/6098026)

## Skills
- Strong communication/presentation skills.
- Web programming using PHP, JavaScript.
- Android programming using Java and Kotlin.
- SQL Database Programming.
- Data science programming using Python and R.

Commit message:

Award and Honor
Add award/scholarship from Dikti

index.md, after:

# Arif Laksito homepage

## Detail Contact

- Email: arif.laksito[at]amikom.ac.id
- Website: ariflaksito.net
- Address: Faculty of Computer Science, Universitas Amikom Yogyakarta
- Jl. Ringroad Utara Condongcatur, Depok, Sleman 55283

## Research Fields
- Recommender System
- Machine learning

## Employment History
**2008 - Now | Lecturer at Faculty of Computer Science, Universitas Amikom Yogyakarta**
- Conducting teaching, researching and community service
- Supervise student’s research activity
- Writing research project and publications

**2006 - 2008 | Web Developer | PT. TELKOM Indonesia, Bandung**
- Developed a dashboard application for executives
- Responsible for displaying a report in visual.

**2003 - 2006 | Junior Programmer | Litbang, IT Dept, STMIK AMIKOM Yogyakarta**
- Responsible for Software division on Academic Information System at STMIK AMIKOM Yogyakarta.

## Education and Courses
- **2013 ~ Master in Information Technology, STMIK AMIKOM Yogyakarta**
- **2006 ~ Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, Universitas Gadjah Mada Yogyakarta**

- **Apr 2021 ~ Datacamp**, Introduction to Natural Language Processing in Python - [See Credential](https://www.datacamp.com/statement-of-accomplishment/course/923c9e6b1366e4e1de3715b7737975aa994b252b)
- **Apr 2021 ~ Datacamp**, Building Recommendation Engines in Python - [See Credential](https://www.datacamp.com/statement-of-accomplishment/course/ecaf48b52f1f9449341a6b9593637b70a540a3a2)
- **Oct 2020 ~ Dicoding**, Belajar Machine Learning untuk Pemula - [See Credential](https://www.dicoding.com/certificates/JMZVM236OZN9)
- **Sep 2020 ~ Coursera and University of Minnesota**, Recommender Systems: Matrix factorization and Advanced techniques. Grade Achieved: 100.00% - [See Credential](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/QRU9Q24EUZ3M)
- **Sep 2020 ~ Datacamp**, Building Recommendation Engines with PySpark. - [See Credential](https://www.datacamp.com/statement-of-accomplishment/course/ac0b2da3a7c1929fb911ad61ac056ff7212c4b26)
- **Sep 2020 ~ Datacamp**, Supervised Learning with scikit-learn. - [See Credential](https://www.datacamp.com/statement-of-accomplishment/course/e558b87ce3aef6fb09523c793076748155278811)
- **Sep 2020 ~ Datacamp**, Unsupervised Learning in Python. - [See Credential](https://www.datacamp.com/statement-of-accomplishment/course/7ddbb94f62e72d6e7bf8f7f9864d3de69e2a4860)
- **Aug 2020 ~ Coursera and University of Minnesota**, Recommender Systems: Evaluation and Metrics. Grade Achieved: 93.00% - [See Credential](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/MBK6LEJX2QJK)
- **Jul 2020 ~ Sanbercode**, Python - Data Science on 15 June - 10 July 2020. Grade Achieved: 88.00% - [See Credential](/assets/docs/Sanbercode_Data_Science.pdf)
- **Jul 2020 ~ Coursera and University of Minnesota**, Nearest Neighbor Collaborative Filtering. Grade Achieved: 96.00% - [See Credential](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/JUCUEQ5M2ZZH)
- **Jun 2020 ~ DQLab Data Challenge & BI Traveloka**: Hotel Search Engine Project. - [See Credential](/assets/docs/DQLab_Data_Challenge_Hotel_Rec.jpg)
- **Jun 2020 ~ Coursera and University of Minnesota**, Introduction to Recommender Systems: Non-Personalized and Content-Based. Completed 4 weeks; an average of 3-7 hours per week, plus 2-5 hours per week for honors track. Grade Achieved: 88.23% - [See Credential](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/PCC5EWSW8CDT)
- **Nov 2019 ~ Dicoding**, Android Jetpack Pro. - [See Credential](https://www.dicoding.com/certificates/4EXGY6REEXRL)
- **Dec 2018 ~ Dicoding**, Kotlin Android Developer Expert. - [See Credential](https://www.dicoding.com/certificates/1OP8DLOGVPQK)
- **Aug 2018 ~ Dicoding**, Belajar Fundamental Aplikasi Android. - [See Credential](https://www.dicoding.com/certificates/0LZ0D30ORX65)
- **Apr 2014 ~ Certificate of completion Java Programming, Oracle Academy**, Jakarta, Indonesia. Successfully completed 32 hours of professional development for Java Programming. - [See Credential](/assets/docs/Oracle_Java_Programming.jpg)
- **March 2013 ~ Certificate of completion Java Fundamentals, Oracle Academy**, Jakarta, Indonesia. Successfully completed 40 hours of professional development for the Java Fundamentals. - [See Credential](/assets/docs/Oracle_Java_Fundamental.jpg)

## Research
- Student graduated predicting using Neural Network
- Covid-19 tweets classification based on LSTM
- Cross-domain Recommender system
- Image extraction for Recommender system

For students who are interested in doing research with me, [go to this page](https://blog.ariflaksito.net/p/join-research.html).

## Honor and Award
Research Funding Grants from Indonesian Government, [Link info](http://sinta.ristekbrin.go.id/authors/detail?id=6098026&view=research)
- 2018, Research grant on analysis of drug interactions on social media
- 2017, Research grant on Web service synchronization
- 2016, Research grant on developing CMS


Community Service Grant from Indonesian Government, [Link info](http://sinta.ristekbrin.go.id/authors/detail?id=6098026&view=services)
- 2017, IBM Kesenian ketoprak dan shalawat pitutur

Google Scholarship Development Program
- Scholarship for Indonesian Lecturer in 2018 (Batch 2)
- Excellence of completing e-course in Android programming

Scholarship from Ministry of Education and Culture, Indonesia
- Talent Scouting 2020, [Certificate](/assets/docs/TS_Dikti_2020.pdf)
- PKBI 2021(Peningkatan Kemampuan Bahasa Inggris)

## Publication
- [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.co.id/citations?user=9zhrw7YAAAAJ&hl=id)
- [Scopus](https://www.scopus.com/authid/detail.uri?authorId=57200217326)
- [ORCID](https://orcid.org/0000-0003-4679-2544)
- [Sinta Indonesia](https://sinta3.ristekbrin.go.id/authors/profile/6098026)

## Skills
- Strong communication/presentation skills.
- Web programming using PHP, JavaScript.
- Android programming using Java and Kotlin.
- SQL Database Programming.
- Data science programming using Python and R.
